All right, so I know I promised.
I'm going to show you how to write Jenkins file the easy way, but let's go over quickly.
One of the very important things, Jenkins permission.
Let's say you are writing a Jenkins file which will copy a GitHub repository.
It should display the rhythm file from the repository, and then you want to display a list of S3 buckets.
So to to display the list of S3 buckets, you need to run a w S3 ls command.
So now remember that this Jenkins job at the end of the day is running on an agent.
So in our case the agent is easy too.
So the agent must have the required software installed with proper credentials.
So if we are trying to copy a GitHub repository, so the security group of the ESI two as well as the
network access control list of the VPC, should allow outgoing traffic to the Internet to grab my GitHub
repository, as well as it should also have the permission to go check as three.
So what's happening is this Jenkins job will just run the command, so the easy two should have the
WSI installed and the EC two role should have the permission to go check as three.
So this is just one of the example.
Let's say your Jenkins job wants to deploy Lambda or wants to deploy to Kubernetes cluster.
So in all those cases, the agent must have the required permission.
As part of this, I want to go list the S3 buckets, so we have to check whether the EC2 role has the
appropriate permission or not.
So let's check it out and add it if we don't have it.
This is my is easy to console and this is a two with the name Jenkins is running my Jenkins software.
So to check the IAM role, you go to security and then you see the IAM role.
Let's click that.
So currently this I am role only has access to easy to assign and confirmation, but it does not have
SE three policy currently.
So even if we try to execute aws3 else command from the Jenkins file, it is going to fail.
So for that we need to add permission.
And to add permission you click, add permission, attach policies and then search for as three.
There is a lot with SW three.
Amazon has three full access and alternatively you can also give specific access just to list the S3
buckets and not full access.
But for simplicity of this demo, I'm just going to give full access.
Click Attach Policies.
All right, now we are all set.
Now let's go to the next lecture and check out how to write Jenkins file the easy way.